[Music]
I suppose you wanna kiss kissing with me
nice yes I am Naveen Prince I was cursed
by a dastardly witch doctor one minute I
am a prince charming and handsome
cutting a rug and then the next thing I
know I am tripping over these everyone
thinks they know the story of The
Princess and the Frog you must kiss me
excuse me please princess
you don't make me human again just one
kiss unless you beg for more but no one
knows what happened after the kiss
until know how did you get way up there
and how did I get way down here and all
this this holiday season
[Music]
in the tradition of Walt Disney's most
beloved classics
comes the story behind the most magical
kiss the world has ever known
[Music]
Walt Disney Pictures The Princess and
the Frog
that's new
[Music]